♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
♪How come you happen to see me embarrassed?♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
=The Love Equations=
(Previously on Episode 15)
Apologize to Lu.
Apologize to her!
Will you go on a date with me?
Like I said, I won't disappoint you.
Hold on tight. Here we go.
Because I only heard the word "kiss".
(Episode 16: Help for Depression)
I did it for your good.
Don't be mad.
Lu.
Don't blame Zhou Xiao.
I'm the person tagging along shamelessly.
Now that we are here,
we should have fun.
(Nancheng Lefang Amusement Park)
If this proves to be boring,
you can kick my ass in our dorm room.
Come on. Let's go.
Come on.
Go. Go. Go.
We should get going too.
Yeah. Go.
Lu, your shoes look so nice.
Let's go to Lu.
We'll have fun without them.
You are right.
We shouldn't be their third wheel.
I have to say
you are quite perceptive.
I don't want them to be our third wheel.
Let me carry your bag.
I'm sorry.
What are you doing?
Have you got a brick in your bag?
Yes.
It's used to smash your face.
Why would you carry such a heavy bag
when you want to have fun outdoors?
I came here directly
from my classroom after school.
Let me carry your bag.
Thanks.
Hurry.
Look. Look. Look.
Look at that house.
How colorful it is.
Its appearance can make people feel better.
What do you think?
It's okay.
Are you feeling better now?
I'm fine.
Look. Look.
Look at that roller coaster.
Look how curved the lines are.
Do you feel an urge
to jump up?
It's okay.
Look. Look.
How joyous and happy
that little girl's smile is.
What are you doing?
Stop scaring that kid.
I'm leaving.
Where are you going?
What flavor do you want for your ice cream?
Yogurt.
One cantaloupe ice cream
and one yogurt ice cream.
Thanks.
I thought you liked cantaloupe ice cream.
I want to try a new flavor.
So sour.
It's sour, right?
Your tolerance for sourness is high.
What shall we play first?
What shall we play?
The roller coaster.
Listen.
Their screams sounded so happy.
More like frightened.
No way.
Think about it. Their voices
were raised in joy.
Hello. There's no empty seat now.
Please wait for the next ride.
Sorry.
I'll take a ride first.
Don't leave me alone.
Have no fear.
It's safe.
I'm not afraid.
Not afraid?
You call that "not afraid"?
Zhao Fanzhou, open your eyes and look.
Take a rest.
This is it.
Sharpshooter.
Men's game.
To tell you the truth,
this is the game I'm best at.
Also,
this is the game for venting.
Are you ready for my charm?
How about that?
If I weren't such a good badminton player,
I would enroll in a shooting team.
Madam.
I'm done.
Alright.
Good shots.
Here. This is your prize.
Thanks.
Indeed, you are a sharpshooter.
All your shots hit the other guy's marks.
It distresses the shooting team
to lose someone like you.
I haven't done this in a while.
I've grown a little rusty.
Take it over.
Generally, girls
who are new to this game
can't aim correctly.
There's nothing shameful
about missing the marks.
Do you know
what the three points and one line are?
Lu.
Well done.
You must have practiced before.
Come on.
The orange one up there.
The red one on the third row.
The blue one at the bottom.
The one in the bottom right corner.
Come on.
The bottom row.
The whole row.
All hits.
Amazing.
Blow up 30 balloons
and we'll win the special prize.
The special prize.
I want the special prize.
Go get it.
Hit the red one.
The red one.
Can you be quiet?
This looks good.
Zhao Fanzhou.
You were so funny.
Mister.
I want this picture printed.
Two copies.
I didn't know this side of you...
Why are you walking so fast? Wait for me.
Mister, hurry up.
Print this picture.
Take a copy of our photo.
At least take a look at it.
It's not that embarrassing.
You still look handsome.
Zhao Fanzhou.
Do you know what you must have
in an amusement park
except a roller coaster ride?
What?
The right manner.
Come on.
Do I have to wear it?
You absolutely have to wear it.
When you are in an amusement park,
you can't have the right manner
without a hair band.
Put it on.
Look. Look.
We look so cute.
Should we take another roller coaster ride
with these hair bands on?
The roller coaster.
The roller coaster. The roller coaster.
Someone is scared.
Someone has lost his nerve.
Are you afraid of losing your hair band
on the roller coaster?
Don't worry. It won't fall off.
It definitely will not fall off.
I can't hear you. Stop talking.
You really can't hear me?
Coward.
Zhao Fanzhou is a coward.
If you say it again,
I will kiss you.
I'm going to buy drinks.
Let me buy drinks.
You've bought the tickets.
I should pay for drinks.
I'm not the type of man
who lets a girl buy drinks.
I'm leaving.
I'll wait here for you.
You scared me.
What are you doing?
I am worrying
that lovey-dovey couple
will upset you.
You didn't
carry my bag steadily
or hit the marks.
I said
I missed the marks by accident.
Xie Yixing.
Huh.
Thank you.
No problem.
Yeah.
If you ever want a boyfriend,
let me be your first choice.
Don't flatter yourself.
Don't you know shame?
I'm shameless in front of you.
Alright.
Let's have more fun.
Come on.
You want to play more?
Of course.
Why shouldn't we have more fun?
Come on.
Let's go.
Which way?
This way.
Okay. Come on.
Go.
♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
♪How come you happen to see me embarrassed?♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
♪With you by my side,
cold winter will turn warm.♪
♪I want to hold you in my arms
and soothe your anxiety.♪
♪How am I not used to your absence?♪
♪I felt a bit excited when I fell for you.♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
Dear visitors,
we are sorry to inform you
that tonight's firework performance
will not take place as scheduled
due to a malfunction.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
What a shame.
Please forgive us.
I need to answer the phone.
Okay.
Hello, mom.
Son.
Are you busy?
No.
Go on.
I plan
to go on a trip
with my friends.
I'm going to book
a high-speed rail ticket now.
And I wanted to call you first.
Okay.
Understood.
Take care of yourself
at the university.
Yeah.
You should take care too.
What should we do later?
Maybe have dinner?
Oh yeah.
What will we eat?
Western food.
Western food?
Barbecue.
What about Sichuan food?
Sichuan food is good.
Lu.
Do you want it?
Since we won't be watching
the fireworks, just forget it.
We have basically played everything we can.
If we don't leave until closing time,
it will be difficult to hail a taxi.
Maybe you should leave first.
We want to stay and play a little longer.
But...
No but.
Don't you understand?
Their date goes on.
Let's go.
Come on.
-I... -Get going.
I'm leaving.
Bye.
What misdeed have you done this time?
I've been doing good, okay?
Unfortunately, I won't be rewarded
for my good deeds.
I won't even be able to watch the fireworks.
Why does it always reverse?
It looks good, right?
Yeah.
Let me pin it on you.
Okay.
Look, it's perfect.
You...
This...
How did you get it?
Can you hurry up?
Look at the time.
Don't you want to have supper?
Shen Mengjun.
What's wrong with you?
Why did you go to my workplace again?
I said I would call you back
after I finished working.
You said you would.
But did you really call me back?
Did you?
I was busy.
You often went to my workplace.
You made me lose face.
Which is more important,
your face or your family?
Ask your son. Does he know who you are?
Your bad temper
makes it impossible for our marriage to work!
I want a divorce!
Divorce?
You have become rich, right?
So you don't want me anymore, right?
What will we do about our child
after divorcing? I'm asking you.
I'll bring up the child.
Even if I lose everything,
I will divorce you.
Every minute I spend with you
is torture to me.
Come here.
I can't bear living with you.
What?
Let me go.
Unhand me...
Son.
What happened?
What made you bleed?
Go away.
You go away.
He needs to go to the hospital.
Come on, son.
Don't be afraid.
Did the story scare you?
I actually didn't want you
to know about it.
I got excited for nothing.
Huh?
I thought you were a hooligan
and you got that scar
from a duel.
The heroes in fiction
always have this kind of backstory.
Sorry.
I have disappointed you.
It's okay.
Wearing my medal,
you are my hero.
Thank you.
Let's go.
Go where?
(Busy)
Turn right.
Turn right. Turn right.
(Busy)
Where are we?
Wait here for me.
Where are you going?
I will be back soon.
Where exactly are you going?
Weird.
I'm left here alone.
Did Zhao Fanzhou leave
to contact a human trafficker?
Am I worth much money?
I should be worth much money.
Fireworks.
♪It's a promise made
by warm spring to winter.♪
Where did you get the fireworks?
I've bought them.
Zhao Fanzhou.
I hereby declare
that I worship you.
♪It's a novel with plot twists
and a perfect ending.♪
♪It says I'm brave
although I talk foolishly sometimes.♪
Who set off the fireworks?
Run.
I've seen you.
There is nowhere to run.
I'm telling you,
if I catch you,
I will fine you.
Stop running.
Is he gone?
I think so.
Then let's get out.
Come on.
Go.
Are you alright?
I'm fine.
Is he gone?
I think he is gone.
How did you find this place?
This place is so quiet.
I used to do
my homework here.
Do your homework?
Here?
So
this is your secret base.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Why do you thank me?
Thank you
for sharing your secret base with me.
Don't come here and do homework alone.
You have got me now.
I'll do homework with you.
Courtesy demands reciprocity.
I'm showing you some fireworks too.
Look.
Bubble fireworks.
Are you touched?
Yeah.
Hold the light.
It starts now.
Does it look like fireworks?
Look at the glorious fireworks
I set off for you.
Zhao Fanzhou.
Are you here to pick me up?
Yes.
Let's go.
Yeah.
Hold on.
What's the matter?
What is that?
Toothpaste foam.
Alright.
Hold it.
Sit tight.
Mr. Zhao.
Can you please hurry up?
I'll be late if you keep riding slowly.
Look at that youngster.
Are you getting old?
You are old.
Ride it yourself.
I can ride it.
You think I lack the nerve?
Hold it.
I'll show you
a youngster's speed and passion.
Let's go.
You are so heavy.
Help. Help. Help.
Help.
Your phone.
My phone dropped.
Hurry. Put me down.
I'd rather have a broken screen.
I'll take it for repair.
It's okay.
It's still usable.
The phone is lucky enough
to escape death.
Come on.
You still want to ride it?
Yeah.
I didn't do my best just now.
Slow down.
Don't worry.
Let's go.
Is this alright?
Move it right a little.
Okay.
I'm regretting.
I don't want to carry you anymore.
Too late.
No.
Your legs are too long.
They are rubbing against the ground.
I can't carry you.
My legs are in the air.
Then you are too heavy.
You are too heavy.
You are not that light.
I'm telling you,
you are losing your girlfriend.
Help.
I'll pick you up at lunchtime.
Aren't you going to work today?
I have a lecture to attend today.
I need to decorate the lecture hall later.
Whose lecture?
Medical Examiner Qin Meng.
Qin Meng?
Qin Meng, the medical examiner
who writes detective fiction?
I love her so much.
When will it be held?
Where can I sign up for it?
I want to attend the lecture.
This lecture is only open
to the Department of Forensic Medicine.
What a bummer.
Then
where is the lecture hall?
Can I peep from the door?
Or you can transfer to my department.
Speaking of which,
I recall a saying,
"If you marry a chicken,
you follow the chicken.
If you marry a dog, you follow the dog."
Are you a chicken or a dog?
I think the emphasis
should be placed
on the word
"marry".
I'll get to work.
Stretch your wrists and ankles.
Stretch your shoulders later.
Stretch for a while.
You are treating me like a novice.
You haven't trained for a month.
Warm up a little.
Soon,
you will bask in my glamour
and fall head over heels for me.
Come off it.
Are you ready for my charm?
I'm going to break your charm with my racket.
Lu.
You are getting above yourself.
Come on.
Hello, President.
-President. -Hello, President.
Shall we continue to practice?
Yes.
Come on.
President,
should we get some new shuttlecocks?
Yes.
I will apply for funding.
If you need funding in the future,
go talk to Xie Yixing.
Okay.
Continue the training.
Yes.
Xie Yixing, uh...
Sorry.
I didn't do it on purpose.
Xie Yixing.
I need to talk to you about the handover
of the Badminton Club.
Even King Shu of Overtime is here.
Why is Zhou Xiao not here?
She probably is working
part-time at the library.
Today...
I haven't called the roll yet, have I?
Now,
I will call the roll.
Call Zhou Xiao right now.
Luo Wei.
Here.
Sorry, Mr. Shu.
I'm late.
Take your seat.
Thank you, Mr. Shu.
Where were you?
Working at the library.
It's lucky to arrive in time. Gosh.
Wei.
Do you know Qin Meng
will hold a lecture at our university?
I know.
I saw it when I was browsing
the university forum.
It's a pity that she will only give a lecture
to the Department of Forensic Medicine.
I want to attend the lecture.
Yeah. I want to attend it too.
You too?
Yeah.
Actually,
I'm a fan of her books.
All of us must read
her "24-Hour Detective" series
under our quilts when we were younger.
Zhou Xiao.
Here.
You not only arrived late,
but also chatted
with them non-stop
in the classroom.
Have you gained an insight
into the writing class' future
that is more unique and profound than mine?
No, Mr. Shu. Here is the thing.
The famous alumna Qin Meng
will hold a lecture in our
Department of Forensic Medicine.
But she is both
a medical examiner and a writer.
So we hope Qin Meng
will hold a lecture
for all the writing enthusiasts
in our university.
What do you guys think?
Why should the Department of Forensic Medicine
be her only audience?
Yeah. We want to attend her lecture as well.
I read every one of
her detective novels.
They are so good.
Very good.
Alright. Enough.
Quiet down.
Your ideas are always alternative.
But that's a nice suggestion you have made.
Since you are
so enthusiastic
about Qin Meng,
we will talk about detective fiction today.
Suspense
means life to detective fiction.
They
hide information
from an omniscient perspective
and use asymmetric writing techniques
to create suspense.
Mister,
my phone is broken.
Take a look at it.
Your screen is broken.
You need to get a new motherboard.
But it was usable just then.
Nothing.
How much does a new motherboard cost?
I'll give you a low price.
One thousand and five hundred.
You call 1,500 a low price?
Of course.
I charge other people 1,600.
The motherboard costs 1,200.
The repair fee is 400.
I have saved you 100.
If only Cai Yasi were here.
I feel his value
at times like this.
Do you want it repaired or not?
I will consider your offer.
Thank you.
Have you repaired your phone?
If you have repaired your phone,
come to the lab for me.
The person you want to see is here.
Mister.
It just lit up.
I saw it.
That was just a flash before its demise.
Repair it.
It'll take a few days.
How about this?
I'll give you a spare phone.
My shop is small,
but the service is thoughtful.
Here.
Mister.
Is this an antique you dug up
from under the ground?
It's free. Take it or not?
I'll take it.
That shot was absolutely amazing.
You did it like a player
in the national team.
I suggest that you try out
for the Municipal Badminton Team.
Enough is enough.
I said I didn't do it on purpose.
Got it.
We'll claim
it was an unintentional act in public.
I really didn't do it on purpose.
Okay.
I believe you.
Just then, Chen Yu was so scared
that his face turned green.
Great revenge.
Can you quiet down and eat?
Chen Yu's exchange program
is coming to an end.
He is going back, you know?
Yes, I know.
He just talked to me
about the handover.
He wanted me to tell you that he was sorry.
But
I said on behalf of you
that you wouldn't forgive him.
Thanks.
Guess what I told him.
What did you tell him?
I told him,
"You only said kind things
because you are leaving.
You just want to leave
without burdens.
Besides,
you don't have to apologize.
My Lu
has already forgotten who you are."
I'm not yours.
Huh?
What did you say?
I said food.
Have more food and shut your mouth.
I don't eat fat.
Check out my body.
It's perfectly proportioned.
I never eat fat.
Whatever.
Is he
going to say
something cringeworthy
like "I will eat
anything you give me"?
You should eat less fat.
Pay attention to your body fat percentage.
You look thin,
but you also look unhealthy.
No kidding.
I'm an expert in this field.
Get it?
Eat more vegetables.
My current body fat percentage
is 11%.
Here.
Have more vegetables.
No.
Eat.
Whatever.
Eat less fat.
Get it?
(Next Episode)
Since when has Zhao Fanzhou
been interested in love psychology.
You've got to be careful.
Do you know where Zhao Fanzhou is?
If you don't know, why would I know?
Fanzhou asked me not to tell.
Zhao Fanzhou is obviously hiding from me.
We broke up.
Did he hurt you?
How do you know?
♪Sunshine falls into the wind's arms.♪
♪A breath of sweet air drifts over.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪I have learned that a view is only fine
when you are part of it.♪
♪Taking in your feelings quietly.♪
♪Perhaps a step back should
be taken to get closer.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪You will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪
♪I would be happy to see you happy.♪
♪He tolerates my willfulness.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪I will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go tomorrow,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪